Client Liason (weekly meetings with client to give updates, recieve feedback, make notes of meetings, update requirements) Maybe recording meetings not bad idea
technical lead (manages the non-code documents on the master branch) these documents will also be on github, testing doc too
integration lead (manages code on the master branch)
Technical Manager/Scrum Master/PM (responsible for overall workflow)

introductions
how does the course work ( course schedule and there are intermediate reports that will be created as part of the project that you will go over with them upon completion)

ask requirements(
A list of functional requirements (inputs and outputs
business requirements
reporting requirements 
administrative functions
authentication  
certification requirements)
A list of non-functional requirements(Security — Does your product store or transmit sensitive information? Does your IT department require adherence to specific standards? What security best practices are used in your industry?
Capacity — What are your system’s storage requirements, today and in the future? How will your system scale up for increasing volume demands?
Compatibility — What are the minimum hardware requirements? What operating systems and their versions must be supported?
Reliability and Availability — What is the critical failure time under normal usage? Does a user need access to this all hours of every day?
Maintainability  + Manageability—How much time does it take to fix components, and how easily can an administrator manage the system? Under this umbrella, you could also define Recoverability and Serviceability.
Scalability – The Black Friday test. What are the highest workloads under which the system will still perform as expected?
Usability — How easy is it to use the product? What defines the experience of using the product?)

A list of technical requirements
A list of user requirements)
SMART (specific, measureable, achievable, realistic and timely).
tech stack
ask about front end UI atleast mockups
db schema or do we have to build that too


setup IDE (extensions like, Prettier github lens)


always fork before you clone!!!!
COMENTS MANDATORY BEFORE INTIGRATION
